Seizure First Aid
About 1 out of 10 people may have a seizure during his or her lifetime. That means seizures are common, and one day you might need to help someone during or after a seizure.

Learn what you can do to keep that person safe until the seizure stops by itself.
About 1 out of 10 people may have a seizure during his or her lifetime.

Do I call 911?
Seizures do not usually require emergency medical attention. Only call 911 if one or more of these are true:

The person has never had a seizure before.
The person has difficulty breathing or waking after the seizure.
The seizure lasts longer than 5 minutes.
The person has another seizure soon after the first one.
The person is hurt during the seizure.
The seizure happens in water.
The person has a health condition like diabetes, heart disease, or is pregnant.

Stay with the person until the seizure ends and he or she is fully awake.

There are many types of seizures. Most seizures end in a few minutes.

These are general steps to help someone who is having any type seizure:

Stay with the person until the seizure ends and he or she is fully awake. After it ends, help the person sit in a safe place. Once they are alert and able to communicate, tell them what happened in very simple terms.
Comfort the person and speak calmly.
Check to see if the person is wearing a medical bracelet or other emergency information.
Keep yourself and other people calm.
Offer to call a taxi or another person to make sure the person gets home safely.

First aid for generalized tonic-clonic (grand mal) seizures
When most people think of a seizure, they think of a generalized tonic-clonic seizure, also called a grand mal seizure. In this type of seizure, the person may cry out, fall, shake or jerk, and become unaware of what’s going on around them.

Here are things you can do to help someone who is having this type of seizure:

Ease the person to the floor.
Turn the person gently onto one side. This will help the person breathe.
Clear the area around the person of anything hard or sharp. This can prevent injury.
Put something soft and flat, like a folded jacket, under his or her head.
Remove eyeglasses.
Loosen ties or anything around the neck that may make it hard to breathe.
Time the seizure. Call 911 if the seizure lasts longer than 5 minutes.

Stop! Do NOT
Knowing what NOT to do is important for keeping a person safe during or after a seizure.

Never do any of the following things

Do not hold the person down or try to stop his or her movements.
Do not put anything in the person’s mouth. This can injure teeth or the jaw. A person having a seizure cannot swallow his or her tongue.
Do not try to give mouth-to-mouth breaths (like CPR). People usually start breathing again on their own after a seizure.
Do not offer the person water or food until he or she is fully alert.

Can you tell me what happened?
What happened?
Who were you last with?

At the time of injury were any of these observable signs witnessed?

Lying motionless on the ground
Slow to get up after a direct or indirect blow to the head
Disorientation, confusion, or an inability to respond appropriately to questions

Blank or vacant look
Balance difficulties, stumbling, or slow labored movements
Facial injury after head trauma
Negative for all observable signs

Did your head hit any objects?
Did any objects strike your head?
Did you feel a blast wave?
Did you have a head acceleration or deceleration?

Was there alteration of consciousness?
Were you dazed, confused, or did you "see stars" immediately after the event?
Did you feel like you were in a fog, slowed down, or "something was not right"?
Was there loss of consciousness?
Did you pass out or black out?
Is there a period of time you cannot account for?
Was there any post traumatic amnesia?
Is there a period of time you cannot account for?
What is the last thing you remember before the event? 
What is the first thing you remember after the event?
Were there any witnesses?
Do you have any of these symptoms?
Headache
Dizziness
Memory problems
Balance problems
Nausea or vomiting
Difficulty concentrating
Irritability
Visual disturbances
Ringing in the ears
During the past 12 months, were you diagnosed with a concussion, not counting this event?
Do you have a history of diagnosed or treated for a headache disorder or migraine?
Do you have a history of depression, anxiety, or other behavioral health concerns?

What month is this?
What is the date or day of the month?
What day of the week is it?
What year is it?
What time do you think it is?

I am going to test your memory. I will read you a list of words
and when I am done, repeat back to me as many words as you can
remember, in any order

I am going to repeat that list again. Repeat back to me as many words
as you can remember, in any order, even if you said them before.
I am going to repeat that list again. Repeat back to me as many words
as you can remember, in any order, even if you said them before.

Jacket
Arrow
Pepper
Cotton 
Movie
Dollar
Honey 
Mirror
Saddle
Anchor
Finger
Penny 
Blanket
Lemon 
Insect
Baby
Monkey
Perfume
Sunset
Iron
Candle
Paper
Sugar
Sandwich
Wagon 
Elbow
Apple
Carpet
Saddle
Bubble

I am going to read you a string of numbers. When I am
finished, repeat them back to me backward. That is, in
reverse order of how I read them to you. For example,
if I said 7 - 1 - 9, then you would say 9 - 1 - 7.

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9

Now tell me the months of the year in reverse order.
Start with the last month and go backward.
So you’ll say: December, November…Go ahead.

Do you remember that list of words I read a few minutes earlier?
I want you to tell me as many words from that list as you can remember.
You can say them in any order.